#summary Versatile Packing Placement and Routing.

= VPR 6.0 =

== Introduction ==

VPR is an open source academic CAD tool designed for the exploration of new FPGA architectures.  It takes, as input, a description of a hypothetical FPGA architecture and a technology-mapped user circuit.  VPR then performs packing, placement, and routing to map that circuit to that FPGA.  The output of VPR is the FPGA configuration needed to implement the circuit along with statistics on that final mapping (eg. critical path delay, area, etc).

== Motivation ==

The study of FPGA CAD and architecture can be a challenging process partly because of the difficulty in conducting high quality experiments.  A quality CAD/architecture experiment requires realistic benchmarks, accurate architectural models, and robust CAD tools that can appropriately map the benchmark to the particular architecture in question.  This is a lot of work.  Fortunately, this work can be made easier if open source tools were available as a starting point.

The purpose of VPR is to make the packing, placement, and routing stages of the FPGA CAD flow robust and flexible so that it is easier for researchers to investigate future FPGAs.  It is part of a broader open source project called [http://code.google.com/p/vtr-verilog-to-routing/ VTR] where we provide a complete infrastructure (architectures, realistic benchmarks, and CAD tools starting from Verilog) for performing FPGA CAD/architecture experiments.

== Downloads ==
  * Download VPR 6.0 release with the standard VTR release [http://www.eecg.utoronto.ca/vtr/terms.html here]
    * If you are only interested in running VPR, you can use the pre-compiled blif files located in _vtr_release/vtr_flow/vtr_benchmarks_blif_ and the architecture file _vtr_release/vtr_flow/arch/timing/k6_N10_memDepth16384_memData64_40nm_timing.xml_
  * Download active trunk of VPR [http://code.google.com/p/vtr-verilog-to-routing/source/checkout here] *Note that because this is in active development, it may be unstable*

== Change Log ==
=== VPR 6.0 ===
  * Timing-driven
  * Faster routing of high fanout nets
  * New command-line interface
=== VPR 6.0 Beta===
  * Ability to explore logic blocks with far more complexity than before
    * Configurable memories and multipliers, fracturable LUTs, and more
  * Merged packing into VPR, deprecated T-VPack
=== VPR 5.0 ===
  * Single-driver routing architectures
  * Heterogeneous blocks in placement-and-routing
  * Transistor-optimized architecture files

== History ==

For those interested in the legacy versions of VPR, you can access them below:

[http://www.eecg.utoronto.ca/vpr/ VPR 5.0]

[http://www.eecg.toronto.edu/~vaughn/vpr/vpr.html VPR 4.30]

Warning: We are only providing support for the latest version of VPR.  There is no support for legacy versions.